UNDERSTAND TRUMP’S BANKRUPTCY MINDSET TO GET WHERE WE’RE
MINDSET TO GET WHERE WE’RE HEADED IN THE SHUTDOWN FIGHT.
HEADED IN THE SHUTDOWN FIGHT. THE TOP STORY TONIGHT IS A WHITE
THE TOP STORY TONIGHT IS A WHITE HOUSE ON EDGE.
HOUSE ON EDGE. A NEW BOOK DISHING ON THE CHAOS
A NEW BOOK DISHING ON THE CHAOS TRUMP AIDES NOW ANONYMOUSLY
TRUMP AIDES NOW ANONYMOUSLY TRASHING RUDY GIULIANI AND A NEW
TRASHING RUDY GIULIANI AND A NEW REPORT FROM ABC THAT ALMOST AS
REPORT FROM ABC THAT ALMOST AS SOON AS TRUMP WON THE RACE, A
SOON AS TRUMP WON THE RACE, A STAR APPRENTICE EXECUTIVE
STAR APPRENTICE EXECUTIVE PRODUCER, YOU MAY HAVE HEARD OF,
PRODUCER, YOU MAY HAVE HEARD OF, MARK BURNETT, WAS TRYING TO LINK
MARK BURNETT, WAS TRYING TO LINK A PUTIN AFFILIATED AMERICAN
A PUTIN AFFILIATED AMERICAN BANKER TO DONALD TRUMP’S
BANKER TO DONALD TRUMP’S TRANSITION TEAM.
TRANSITION TEAM. THIS ATTEMPTED MEETING DID NOT
THIS ATTEMPTED MEETING DID NOT GO DOWN, BUT CONGRESSIONAL
GO DOWN, BUT CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATORS HONING IN ON THE
INVESTIGATORS HONING IN ON THE GOAL AND WHY RUSSIA AND RUBLES
GOAL AND WHY RUSSIA AND RUBLES SEEMED TO ALWAYS BE SUCH A HIGH
SEEMED TO ALWAYS BE SUCH A HIGH PRIORITY.
PRIORITY. THIS HAS NOT BEEN CONFIRMED BY
THIS HAS NOT BEEN CONFIRMED BY NBC NEWS.
NBC NEWS. THEN THE PRESIDENT’S CRIMINAL
THEN THE PRESIDENT’S CRIMINAL DEFENSE LAWYER BACK ON THE DANCE
DEFENSE LAWYER BACK ON THE DANCE FLOOR DOING THE GIULIANI WALK
FLOOR DOING THE GIULIANI WALK BACK.
BACK. HE’S GONE FROM SAYING TRUMP
HE’S GONE FROM SAYING TRUMP TALKED TO COHEN ABOUT A TRUMP
TALKED TO COHEN ABOUT A TRUMP MOSCOW TOWER TO CLAIMING THAT
MOSCOW TOWER TO CLAIMING THAT WAS SOME KIND OF HYPOTHETICAL TO
WAS SOME KIND OF HYPOTHETICAL TO NOW SAYING IF THEY DID TALK
NOW SAYING IF THEY DID TALK ABOUT IT, THAT WOULDN’T BE A
ABOUT IT, THAT WOULDN’T BE A CRIME.
CRIME. >> UNDERSTANDING THAT THEY WENT
>> UNDERSTANDING THAT THEY WENT ON THROUGHOUT 2016, WEREN’T A
ON THROUGHOUT 2016, WEREN’T A LOT OF THEM, BUT THERE WERE
LOT OF THEM, BUT THERE WERE CONVERSATIONS.
CONVERSATIONS. COULD BE UP TO AS FAR AS
COULD BE UP TO AS FAR AS OCTOBER, NOVEMBER.
OCTOBER, NOVEMBER. OUR ANSWERS COVER UNTIL THE
OUR ANSWERS COVER UNTIL THE ELECTION.
ELECTION. >> JUST TO CLARIFY, TALKS OF
>> JUST TO CLARIFY, TALKS OF TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW WENT AS LATE
TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW WENT AS LATE AS OCTOBER OR NOVEMBER OF 2016,
AS OCTOBER OR NOVEMBER OF 2016, EVEN IN SOME FORM?
EVEN IN SOME FORM? >> COULD BE.
>> COULD BE. >> COULD BE.
>> COULD BE. GIULIANI ALSO DOING A MEANDERING
GIULIANI ALSO DOING A MEANDERING INTERVIEW WITH THE NEW YORKER
INTERVIEW WITH THE NEW YORKER THAT IS MAKING SOME WAVES.
THAT IS MAKING SOME WAVES. I WANT TO BE VERY CRYSTAL CLEAR
I WANT TO BE VERY CRYSTAL CLEAR ABOUT IT.
ABOUT IT. THE KEY TO DECODING THIS KIND OF
THE KEY TO DECODING THIS KIND OF GIULIANI INTERVIEW IS TO IGNORE
GIULIANI INTERVIEW IS TO IGNORE THE TALKING POINTS AND FOCUS
THE TALKING POINTS AND FOCUS ONLY ON THE SECRETS GIULIANI
ONLY ON THE SECRETS GIULIANI SEEMS TO SPILL BY ACCIDENT.
SEEMS TO SPILL BY ACCIDENT. IT IS LIKE THE ROMANTICS
IT IS LIKE THE ROMANTICS FAMOUSLY SAID, I HEAR THE
FAMOUSLY SAID, I HEAR THE SECRETS THAT YOU KEEP WHEN
SECRETS THAT YOU KEEP WHEN YOU’RE TALKING IN YOUR SLEEP.
YOU’RE TALKING IN YOUR SLEEP. WELL, GIULIANI SPILLING SOME
WELL, GIULIANI SPILLING SOME SECRETS HERE.
SECRETS HERE. HE MENTIONED SECRET TAPES AND
HE MENTIONED SECRET TAPES AND WHETHER ST. PETER WILL
WHETHER ST. PETER WILL ULTIMATELY THINK HE LIED FOR
ULTIMATELY THINK HE LIED FOR TRUMP AT THE GATES OF HEAVEN.
TRUMP AT THE GATES OF HEAVEN. LET ME TAKE A QUICK LOOK WITH
LET ME TAKE A QUICK LOOK WITH YOU.
YOU. ON THE TAPES, GIULIANI SAYS HE
ON THE TAPES, GIULIANI SAYS HE LISTENED TO TAPES TO FACT CHECK
LISTENED TO TAPES TO FACT CHECK SOME RECENT MEDIA ARTICLES AND
SOME RECENT MEDIA ARTICLES AND TRIES TO TAKE IT BACK, SAYING I
TRIES TO TAKE IT BACK, SAYING I SHOULDN’T HAVE SAID TAPES.
SHOULDN’T HAVE SAID TAPES. AND THEN, WHEN ASKED ABOUT LYING
AND THEN, WHEN ASKED ABOUT LYING FOR TRUMP, HE SAYS, WELL, I’M
FOR TRUMP, HE SAYS, WELL, I’M AFRAID IT WILL BE ON MY
AFRAID IT WILL BE ON MY GRAVESTONE.
GRAVESTONE. RUDY GIULIANI, HE LIED FOR
RUDY GIULIANI, HE LIED FOR TRUMP, ADDING SOMEHOW, I DON’T
TRUMP, ADDING SOMEHOW, I DON’T THINK THAT WILL BE IT, BUT IF IT
THINK THAT WILL BE IT, BUT IF IT IS, SO WHAT.
IS, SO WHAT. DO I CARE?
DO I CARE? I’LL BE DEAD.
I’LL BE DEAD. I FIGURE I CAN EXPLAIN IT TO ST.
I FIGURE I CAN EXPLAIN IT TO ST. PETER.
PETER. GETTING PRETTY DEEP THERE.
GETTING PRETTY DEEP THERE. AS WE SAY AROUND HERE, GIULIANI
AS WE SAY AROUND HERE, GIULIANI GONNA GIULIANI, BUT EVEN SOMEONE
GONNA GIULIANI, BUT EVEN SOMEONE INSIDE THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION
INSIDE THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION NOW SAYS THEY’RE OVER IT.
NOW SAYS THEY’RE OVER IT. AND THIS IS A CURRENT TRUMP AIDE
AND THIS IS A CURRENT TRUMP AIDE TALKING ABOUT THE GIULIANI
TALKING ABOUT THE GIULIANI DANCE.
DANCE. THE SENIOR ADMINISTRATION
THE SENIOR ADMINISTRATION OFFICIAL SAYS BASICALLY, QUOTE,
OFFICIAL SAYS BASICALLY, QUOTE, GIULIANI’S PUBLIC COMMENTS ARE
GIULIANI’S PUBLIC COMMENTS ARE NOT HELPING, AND THEY QUESTION
NOT HELPING, AND THEY QUESTION WHY HE KEEPS GOING ON TV IF
WHY HE KEEPS GOING ON TV IF NOTHING GOOD CAN COME OF IT.
NOTHING GOOD CAN COME OF IT. QUOTE, DON’T DO IT.
QUOTE, DON’T DO IT. I’M JOINED NOW BY BARRETT
I’M JOINED NOW BY BARRETT BURGER, A FORMER U.S. ASSISTANT
BURGER, A FORMER U.S. ASSISTANT ATTORNEY WITH THE EASTERN AND
ATTORNEY WITH THE EASTERN AND SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND BARBARA McQUADE, FORMER
AND BARBARA McQUADE, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR, AND MATT
FEDERAL PROSECUTOR, AND MATT MILLER, FORMER CHIEF SPOKESMAN
MILLER, FORMER CHIEF SPOKESMAN FOR THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT IN
FOR THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT IN THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION.
THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION. GREETINGS TO ALL OF YOU.
GREETINGS TO ALL OF YOU. MATT MILLER, DO YOU THINK THERE
MATT MILLER, DO YOU THINK THERE ARE SECRETS THAT CAN BE FOUND AS
ARE SECRETS THAT CAN BE FOUND AS RUDY DOES THESE INTERVIEWS AND
RUDY DOES THESE INTERVIEWS AND WHAT DOES IT TELL YOU THAT TRUMP
WHAT DOES IT TELL YOU THAT TRUMP AIDES ARE STARTING TO PIPE UP
AIDES ARE STARTING TO PIPE UP ABOUT IT?
ABOUT IT? >> I THINK IT’S VERY DIFFICULT
>> I THINK IT’S VERY DIFFICULT BECAUSE YOU NEVER KNOW WHEN HE’S
BECAUSE YOU NEVER KNOW WHEN HE’S TELLING THE TRUTH OR NOT.
TELLING THE TRUTH OR NOT. I THINK IT’S PRETTY CLEAR AT
I THINK IT’S PRETTY CLEAR AT THIS POINT, RUDY GIULIANI, HIS
THIS POINT, RUDY GIULIANI, HIS BEST DAYS AS A LAWYER ARE BEHIND
BEST DAYS AS A LAWYER ARE BEHIND HIM.
HIM. BUT HE’S ACTUALLY WORSE AS A
BUT HE’S ACTUALLY WORSE AS A PUBLIC SPOKESMAN.
PUBLIC SPOKESMAN. WHEN YOU WATCH HIS INTERVIEWS,
WHEN YOU WATCH HIS INTERVIEWS, IT’S ONE THING TO GO ON
IT’S ONE THING TO GO ON TELEVISION AND MAKE ADMISSIONS
TELEVISION AND MAKE ADMISSIONS THAT ARE DAMAGING TO YOUR CLIENT
THAT ARE DAMAGING TO YOUR CLIENT AND HAPPEN TO BE FACTUALLY TRUE.
AND HAPPEN TO BE FACTUALLY TRUE. IT IS ANOTHER THING TO GO ON
IT IS ANOTHER THING TO GO ON TELEVISION AND MAKE ADMISSIONS
TELEVISION AND MAKE ADMISSIONS ABOUT YOUR CLIENT THAT MAY NOT
ABOUT YOUR CLIENT THAT MAY NOT EVEN BE TRUE.
EVEN BE TRUE. THIS EXAMPLE OF SAYING THE
THIS EXAMPLE OF SAYING THE DISCUSSIONS CONTINUED AS FAR AS
DISCUSSIONS CONTINUED AS FAR AS NOVEMBER, OCTOBER, NOVEMBER OF
NOVEMBER, OCTOBER, NOVEMBER OF 2016, AN EXTREMELY DAMAGING
2016, AN EXTREMELY DAMAGING ADMISSION FOR DONALD TRUMP, BUT
ADMISSION FOR DONALD TRUMP, BUT IT MAY NOT BE TRUE, IT WOULDN’T
IT MAY NOT BE TRUE, IT WOULDN’T MATCH THE PUBLIC RECORD WE HAVE
MATCH THE PUBLIC RECORD WE HAVE SEEN IN THE CASE THAT SEEMS TO
SEEN IN THE CASE THAT SEEMS TO INDICATE THE DISCUSSIONS ENDED
INDICATE THE DISCUSSIONS ENDED IN THE SUMMER OF 2016.
IN THE SUMMER OF 2016. I CAN UNDERSTAND WHY OTHER
I CAN UNDERSTAND WHY OTHER MEMBERS OF THE TRUMP LEGAL TEAM
MEMBERS OF THE TRUMP LEGAL TEAM AND OTHER MEMBERS OF THE TRUMP
AND OTHER MEMBERS OF THE TRUMP COMMUNICATIONS TEAM WOULD BE
COMMUNICATIONS TEAM WOULD BE UPSET WITH GIULIANI, BECAUSE HE
UPSET WITH GIULIANI, BECAUSE HE TAKES MOMENTS LIKE THIS WEEKEND
TAKES MOMENTS LIKE THIS WEEKEND WHEN BUZZFEED HAD THIS STORY
WHEN BUZZFEED HAD THIS STORY KNOCKED DOWN BY THE SPECIAL
KNOCKED DOWN BY THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE SHOULD HAVE
COUNSEL’S OFFICE SHOULD HAVE BEEN A WIN FOR HIM AND HE
BEEN A WIN FOR HIM AND HE CREATES NOT JUST ONE BUT TWO,
CREATES NOT JUST ONE BUT TWO, THREE ENTIRELY NEW DAMAGING NEWS
THREE ENTIRELY NEW DAMAGING NEWS CYCLES.
CYCLES. >> YOU PUT YOUR FINGER ON IT.
>> YOU PUT YOUR FINGER ON IT. YOU HAVE DONE THIS KIND OF WORK,
YOU HAVE DONE THIS KIND OF WORK, AND IT IS DIFFICULT SOMETIMES TO
AND IT IS DIFFICULT SOMETIMES TO WALK THE LINE OF BEING ACCURATE
WALK THE LINE OF BEING ACCURATE BUT ALSO SECRETIVE ABOUT OPEN
BUT ALSO SECRETIVE ABOUT OPEN INVESTIGATIONS.
INVESTIGATIONS. YOU DID IT FOR THE DOJ.
YOU DID IT FOR THE DOJ. OTHER FOLKS DO IT ON THE OTHER
OTHER FOLKS DO IT ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THESE PROBES.
SIDE OF THESE PROBES. THIS COULD HAVE BEEN A TIME
THIS COULD HAVE BEEN A TIME WHERE THE NEWS AND THE HEADLINE
WHERE THE NEWS AND THE HEADLINE TONIGHT IS STILL THE FALLOUT
TONIGHT IS STILL THE FALLOUT FROM MUELLER REBUTTING A PUBLIC
FROM MUELLER REBUTTING A PUBLIC MEDIA ACCOUNT.
MEDIA ACCOUNT. WE COVERED THAT STORY LAST
WE COVERED THAT STORY LAST NIGHT, BUT INSTEAD, YOU HAVE
NIGHT, BUT INSTEAD, YOU HAVE HEADLINES AND BANNERS ACROSS TV
HEADLINES AND BANNERS ACROSS TV SCREENS ABOUT RUDY TALKING ABOUT
SCREENS ABOUT RUDY TALKING ABOUT HIS GRAVESTONE SAYING MAYBE HE
HIS GRAVESTONE SAYING MAYBE HE LIED FOR TRUMP.
LIED FOR TRUMP. >> YEAH, LOOK, I THINK THERE ARE
>> YEAH, LOOK, I THINK THERE ARE A FEW PROBLEMS.
A FEW PROBLEMS. ONE IS HE DOESN’T HAVE A VERY
ONE IS HE DOESN’T HAVE A VERY CLEAR COMMAND OF THE UNDERLYING
CLEAR COMMAND OF THE UNDERLYING FACTS.
FACTS. WHEN YOU GO OUT AND TRY TO TALK
WHEN YOU GO OUT AND TRY TO TALK ABOUT AN EVENT, ABOUT EVENTS
ABOUT AN EVENT, ABOUT EVENTS WITHOUT HAVING AN UNDERSTANDING
WITHOUT HAVING AN UNDERSTANDING OF THE FACTS WITH SOMETHING THAT
OF THE FACTS WITH SOMETHING THAT IS SO IMPORTANT AND WHERE THE
IS SO IMPORTANT AND WHERE THE FACTS MATTER SO MUCH AS THEY DO
FACTS MATTER SO MUCH AS THEY DO IN THIS INVESTIGATION, YOU’RE
IN THIS INVESTIGATION, YOU’RE GOING TO MAKE MISTAKES.
GOING TO MAKE MISTAKES. THE OTHER THING IS HE SEEMS TO
THE OTHER THING IS HE SEEMS TO HAVE NO CONCERN ABOUT THE FACT
HAVE NO CONCERN ABOUT THE FACT THAT HE MIGHT SAY SOMETHING THAT
THAT HE MIGHT SAY SOMETHING THAT CONTRADICTS WHAT HE SAID
CONTRADICTS WHAT HE SAID PREVIOUSLY, WHAT HIS CLIENT SAID
PREVIOUSLY, WHAT HIS CLIENT SAID PREVIOUS
PREVIOUS PREVIOUSLY, AND HE MAKE THESE
PREVIOUSLY, AND HE MAKE THESE OFF THE WALL STATEMENTS LIKE
OFF THE WALL STATEMENTS LIKE THIS STATEMENT ABOUT WHAT WILL
THIS STATEMENT ABOUT WHAT WILL HAPPEN WHEN HE DIES AND GOES TO
HAPPEN WHEN HE DIES AND GOES TO HEAVEN.
HEAVEN. YOU WOULD EXPECT AN ATTORNEY IN
YOU WOULD EXPECT AN ATTORNEY IN THAT SITUATION TO SAY NO, I’M
THAT SITUATION TO SAY NO, I’M NOT WORRIED ABOUT THAT.
NOT WORRIED ABOUT THAT. I NEVER LIE ON BEHALF OF THE
I NEVER LIE ON BEHALF OF THE PRESIDENT BECAUSE MY CLIENT DID
PRESIDENT BECAUSE MY CLIENT DID NOTHING WRONG.
NOTHING WRONG. IT’S ODD HE SAID THE OPPOSITE OF
IT’S ODD HE SAID THE OPPOSITE OF THAT.
THAT. >> LET ME GO TO BARRETT AND I
>> LET ME GO TO BARRETT AND I SAY I WANT TO GET INTO WHAT YOUR
SAY I WANT TO GET INTO WHAT YOUR ARGUMENT WOULD BE TO ST. PETER
ARGUMENT WOULD BE TO ST. PETER IF YOU EVER HAVE THAT SITUATION.
IF YOU EVER HAVE THAT SITUATION. BEFORE WE GET TO THAT, WITNESS A
BEFORE WE GET TO THAT, WITNESS A FOX NEWS ANCHOR BASICALLY PILING
FOX NEWS ANCHOR BASICALLY PILING ON RUDY, AND THEN DON JR. PILING
ON RUDY, AND THEN DON JR. PILING ON COHEN HERE.
ON COHEN HERE. WE’RE SEEING SOME OF THE
WE’RE SEEING SOME OF THE PROBLEMS IN THIS TYPE OF PUBLIC
PROBLEMS IN THIS TYPE OF PUBLIC DEFENSE.
DEFENSE. TAKE A LOOK.
TAKE A LOOK. >> WHEN WAS THE LAST DISCUSSION
>> WHEN WAS THE LAST DISCUSSION ABOUT THIS TRUMP TOWER DEAL?
ABOUT THIS TRUMP TOWER DEAL? BECAUSE RUDY GOT EVERYBODY
BECAUSE RUDY GOT EVERYBODY REALLY CONFUSED, I HAVE TO SAY?
REALLY CONFUSED, I HAVE TO SAY? >> I DON’T KNOW.
>> I DON’T KNOW. I DON’T TALK ABOUT THINGS I
I DON’T TALK ABOUT THINGS I DON’T KNOW ABOUT.
DON’T KNOW ABOUT. WE DON’T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
WE DON’T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT IT. ULTIMATELY, IT WAS MICHAEL COHEN
ULTIMATELY, IT WAS MICHAEL COHEN ESSENTIALLY TRYING TO GET A DEAL
ESSENTIALLY TRYING TO GET A DEAL DONE.
DONE. HE WAS THERE FOR A LONG TIME, HE
HE WAS THERE FOR A LONG TIME, HE WASN’T EXACTLY A DEAL GUY.
WASN’T EXACTLY A DEAL GUY. I DON’T THINK ANYONE TOOK IT ALL
I DON’T THINK ANYONE TOOK IT ALL TOO SERIOUSLY.
TOO SERIOUSLY. >> WHAT DO YOU SEE HAPPENING
>> WHAT DO YOU SEE HAPPENING THERE WITH A WITNESS OR
THERE WITH A WITNESS OR POTEXALLY MORE THAN A WITNESS IN
POTEXALLY MORE THAN A WITNESS IN DON JR. TALKING ABOUT COHEN, WHO
DON JR. TALKING ABOUT COHEN, WHO MAY HAVE MORE TO SAY IN PUBLIC.
MAY HAVE MORE TO SAY IN PUBLIC. >> I HAVE TO SAY, IN SOME SMALL
>> I HAVE TO SAY, IN SOME SMALL WAY, I AGREE WITH TRUMP JR. IN
WAY, I AGREE WITH TRUMP JR. IN THAT STATEMENT THAT YOU
THAT STATEMENT THAT YOU SHOULDN’T GO AND PUBLICLY TALK
SHOULDN’T GO AND PUBLICLY TALK ABOUT THINGS THAT YOU DON’T KNOW
ABOUT THINGS THAT YOU DON’T KNOW EVERYTHING ABOUT.
EVERYTHING ABOUT. I MEAN, THERE’S NO NEED FOR
I MEAN, THERE’S NO NEED FOR GIULIANI TO BE GIVING PUBLIC
GIULIANI TO BE GIVING PUBLIC STATEMENTS AT THIS POINT.
STATEMENTS AT THIS POINT. MANY LAWYERS WOULD AGREE THAT
MANY LAWYERS WOULD AGREE THAT THE BEST WAY TO LET THE FACTS
THE BEST WAY TO LET THE FACTS TALK IS IN COURT, WHEN THERE’S
TALK IS IN COURT, WHEN THERE’S ACTUALLY FACTS, WHEN YOU CAN DO
ACTUALLY FACTS, WHEN YOU CAN DO IT IN A CONTROLLED ENVIRONMENT.
IT IN A CONTROLLED ENVIRONMENT. I THINK HOT WE’RE GOING TO SEE
I THINK HOT WE’RE GOING TO SEE WITH COHEN IS A VERY DIFFERENT
WITH COHEN IS A VERY DIFFERENT APPROACH WHEN HE’S TESTIFYING.
APPROACH WHEN HE’S TESTIFYING. YOU’RE GOING TO SEE THIS IN A
YOU’RE GOING TO SEE THIS IN A CONTROLLED ENVIRONMENT.
CONTROLLED ENVIRONMENT. IT’S GOING TO BE VERY PREPARED.
IT’S GOING TO BE VERY PREPARED. OF COURSE, GOING TO NOT COVER
OF COURSE, GOING TO NOT COVER EVERYTHING HE KNOWS ABOUT
EVERYTHING HE KNOWS ABOUT BECAUSE THERE’S GOING TO BE SOME
BECAUSE THERE’S GOING TO BE SOME AREAS THAT ARE STILL THE SUBJECT
AREAS THAT ARE STILL THE SUBJECT OF ONGOING INVESTIGATION, BUT
OF ONGOING INVESTIGATION, BUT YOU’RE GOING TO SEE A MUCH
YOU’RE GOING TO SEE A MUCH DIFFERENT TYPE OF STATEMENT THAN
DIFFERENT TYPE OF STATEMENT THAN YOU SEE FROM GIULIANI.
YOU SEE FROM GIULIANI. COHEN IS NOT GOING TO GET UP
COHEN IS NOT GOING TO GET UP THERE AND RAMBLE ON FOR, YOU
THERE AND RAMBLE ON FOR, YOU KNOW, AN HOUR ABOUT THINGS HE
KNOW, AN HOUR ABOUT THINGS HE DOESN’T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT.
DOESN’T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT. IT’S GOING TO BE MUCH MORE
IT’S GOING TO BE MUCH MORE CAREFULLY CONTROLLED AND
CAREFULLY CONTROLLED AND OBVIOUSLY IN RESPONSE TO
OBVIOUSLY IN RESPONSE TO QUESTIONS FROM THE CONGRESS.
QUESTIONS FROM THE CONGRESS. >> AND YOU WORKED IN THE OFFICE
>> AND YOU WORKED IN THE OFFICE THAT RUDY USED TO RUN WHEN HE
THAT RUDY USED TO RUN WHEN HE WAS U.S. ATTORNEY.
WAS U.S. ATTORNEY. WHAT DO YOU THINK OF MATT’S
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF MATT’S POINT THAT HE’S JUST NOT,
POINT THAT HE’S JUST NOT, ACCORDING TO SOME ANALYSTS, AS
ACCORDING TO SOME ANALYSTS, AS GOOD AT LAWYERING ANYMORE.
GOOD AT LAWYERING ANYMORE. >> IT’S NOT HEART SURGERY, BUT
>> IT’S NOT HEART SURGERY, BUT EVEN IN THE LAW, PRECISION
EVEN IN THE LAW, PRECISION MATTERS.
MATTERS. IT’S IMPORTANT TO BE CAREFUL
IT’S IMPORTANT TO BE CAREFUL WITH THE FACTS, WITH THE LAW.
WITH THE FACTS, WITH THE LAW. IF YOU’RE NOT GOING TO DO
IF YOU’RE NOT GOING TO DO THAT --
THAT -- >> IT’S NOT OPEN HEART SURGERY,
>> IT’S NOT OPEN HEART SURGERY, BUT IF YOU GO IN TO OPERATE ON
BUT IF YOU GO IN TO OPERATE ON THE HEART AND THEN YOU JUST
THE HEART AND THEN YOU JUST REMOVE THE LIVER AND YOU NEVER
REMOVE THE LIVER AND YOU NEVER DO ANYTHING TO THE HEART, THAT’S
DO ANYTHING TO THE HEART, THAT’S THE LEVEL OF MISTAKES WE APPEAR
THE LEVEL OF MISTAKES WE APPEAR TO BE SEEING.
TO BE SEEING. UNLESS, AND WE HAVE DEBATED THIS
UNLESS, AND WE HAVE DEBATED THIS WITH OUR FOLKS, UNLESS YOU SEE
WITH OUR FOLKS, UNLESS YOU SEE THIS AS SOME GRAND STRATEGY.
THIS AS SOME GRAND STRATEGY. I THINK MATT’S POINT THAT RUDY
I THINK MATT’S POINT THAT RUDY HAS TAKEN EVERYONE AWAY FROM A
HAS TAKEN EVERYONE AWAY FROM A WINNING ARGUMENT AND BACK INTO A
WINNING ARGUMENT AND BACK INTO A LOSING ONE IS STRIKING, AND IT
LOSING ONE IS STRIKING, AND IT COMES AT A TIME THAT WE MAY BE
COMES AT A TIME THAT WE MAY BE IN.
IN. WE DON’T KNOW, BUT WE MAY BE IN
WE DON’T KNOW, BUT WE MAY BE IN THE HOMESTRETCH OF THIS WHOLE
THE HOMESTRETCH OF THIS WHOLE PROBE.
PROBE. IS THIS RUDY’S CLOSING ARGUMENT?
IS THIS RUDY’S CLOSING ARGUMENT? >> THEY HAD A WIN THERE.
>> THEY HAD A WIN THERE. THEY HAD A WIN WITH THE SPECIAL
THEY HAD A WIN WITH THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE COMING AND
COUNSEL’S OFFICE COMING AND DISPUTING BUZZFEED’S STORY, AND
DISPUTING BUZZFEED’S STORY, AND GIULIANI’S STATEMENTS CHANGED
GIULIANI’S STATEMENTS CHANGED THE FOCUS OF THE CONVERSATION
THE FOCUS OF THE CONVERSATION AND IN A DIRECTION THAT’S NOT
AND IN A DIRECTION THAT’S NOT REALLY GOOD FOR THE TRUMP LEGAL
REALLY GOOD FOR THE TRUMP LEGAL TEAM AT THIS POINT, WHICH COMES
TEAM AT THIS POINT, WHICH COMES BACK TO MY POINT OF THERE IS NO
BACK TO MY POINT OF THERE IS NO OBLIGATION FOR HIM TO BE MAKING
OBLIGATION FOR HIM TO BE MAKING THESE KIND OF STATEMENTS RIGHT
THESE KIND OF STATEMENTS RIGHT NOW.
NOW. ESPECIALLY WHEN THEY WERE SORT
ESPECIALLY WHEN THEY WERE SORT OF ON THE WAVE OF THIS GOOD NEWS
OF ON THE WAVE OF THIS GOOD NEWS STORY.
STORY. IT SEEMS THAT IT WOULD BE, YOU
IT SEEMS THAT IT WOULD BE, YOU KNOW, WISE COUNSEL TO LIMIT HIS
KNOW, WISE COUNSEL TO LIMIT HIS STATEMENTS TO LEGAL PAPERS.
STATEMENTS TO LEGAL PAPERS. >> BARBARA, YOUR VIEW ON ANY OF
>> BARBARA, YOUR VIEW ON ANY OF THE ABOVE.
THE ABOVE. >> I THINK ONE OF THE REASONS
>> I THINK ONE OF THE REASONS THAT WE’RE SEEING RUDY GIULIANI
THAT WE’RE SEEING RUDY GIULIANI FUMBLE THE MESSAGE ON THIS IS
FUMBLE THE MESSAGE ON THIS IS IT’S A REAL HOT POTATO.
IT’S A REAL HOT POTATO. HE KNOWS THIS IS A REAL
HE KNOWS THIS IS A REAL SIGNIFICANT MATTER.
SIGNIFICANT MATTER. THERE ARE CLUES OUT THERE THAT
THERE ARE CLUES OUT THERE THAT LET US KNOW THIS IS A REALLY
LET US KNOW THIS IS A REALLY IMPORTANT ISSUE.
IMPORTANT ISSUE. NUMBER ONE IS MICHAEL COHEN’S
NUMBER ONE IS MICHAEL COHEN’S GUILTY PLEA.
GUILTY PLEA. HE HAD PLEADED GUILTY TO EIGHT
HE HAD PLEADED GUILTY TO EIGHT COUNTS IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT
COUNTS IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ROBERT MUELLER
OF NEW YORK, AND ROBERT MUELLER INSISTS HE PLEAD TO AN
INSISTS HE PLEAD TO AN ADDITIONAL COUNT ABOUT LYING TO
ADDITIONAL COUNT ABOUT LYING TO CONGRESS ABOUT TRUMP TOWER IN
CONGRESS ABOUT TRUMP TOWER IN MOSCOW.
MOSCOW. THAT TELLS ME THEY’RE PAVING THE
THAT TELLS ME THEY’RE PAVING THE WAY FOR HAVE HIM COOPERATE
WAY FOR HAVE HIM COOPERATE AGAINST OTHERS WHO MAY BE
AGAINST OTHERS WHO MAY BE IMPLICATED IN THAT AS WELL.
IMPLICATED IN THAT AS WELL. AND THE OTHER THING IS IF
AND THE OTHER THING IS IF PRESIDENT TRUMP IS CONTINUING TO
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS CONTINUING TO NEGOTIATE A DEAL INTO OCTOBER
NEGOTIATE A DEAL INTO OCTOBER AND NOVEMBER, WHEN HE’S TELLING
AND NOVEMBER, WHEN HE’S TELLING THE PUBLIC HE’S NOT, NOT ONLY
THE PUBLIC HE’S NOT, NOT ONLY DOES IT HARM HIS CREDIBILITY,
DOES IT HARM HIS CREDIBILITY, BUT THAT MEANS RUSSIA KNOWS HE’S
BUT THAT MEANS RUSSIA KNOWS HE’S LYING, WHICH GIVES THEM LEVERAGE
LYING, WHICH GIVES THEM LEVERAGE OVER HIM, WHO IS ABOUT TO BECOME
OVER HIM, WHO IS ABOUT TO BECOME THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES, TO BE USED TO COERCE
STATES, TO BE USED TO COERCE HIM, TO COMPLY WITH THEIR
HIM, TO COMPLY WITH THEIR DEMANDS.
DEMANDS. SO I THINK THIS IS A VERY BIG
SO I THINK THIS IS A VERY BIG DEAL, AND I THINK THAT’S WHY
DEAL, AND I THINK THAT’S WHY GIULIANI IS HAVING SO MUCH
GIULIANI IS HAVING SO MUCH TROUBLE HANDLING THE QUESTIONS.
TROUBLE HANDLING THE QUESTIONS. >> AND BARBARA, I WANT TO GET
>> AND BARBARA, I WANT TO GET YOUR VIEW ON SOME OF THESE
YOUR VIEW ON SOME OF THESE WITNESSES.
WITNESSES. YOU WERE ON THIS PROGRAM WHEN
YOU WERE ON THIS PROGRAM WHEN ONE WITNESS, SAM NUNBERG,
ONE WITNESS, SAM NUNBERG, FAMOUSLY WAS SAYING HE MIGHT
FAMOUSLY WAS SAYING HE MIGHT DEFY THE REQUEST TO TESTIFY.
DEFY THE REQUEST TO TESTIFY. HE ULTIMATELY DID.
HE ULTIMATELY DID. ANOTHER SET OF WITNESSES THAT WE
ANOTHER SET OF WITNESSES THAT WE TALKED TO ARE ALSO GOING BACK
TALKED TO ARE ALSO GOING BACK AND FORTH.
AND FORTH. JEROME CORSI IS BOTH SUING THE
JEROME CORSI IS BOTH SUING THE MUELLER PROBE TO SOME DEGREE,
MUELLER PROBE TO SOME DEGREE, CIVILLY.
CIVILLY. HE’S ALSO, THOUGH, NOW SAYING
HE’S ALSO, THOUGH, NOW SAYING HE’S ESSENTIALLY COOPERATING AND
HE’S ESSENTIALLY COOPERATING AND HE HAS GIVEN TESTIMONY.
HE HAS GIVEN TESTIMONY. THEN THE LAST TIME HE WAS ON THE
THEN THE LAST TIME HE WAS ON THE SHOW SAID LOOK, HE’S NOT GOING
SHOW SAID LOOK, HE’S NOT GOING TO GET INTO A DEBATE WITH ROGER
TO GET INTO A DEBATE WITH ROGER STONE.
STONE. THAT’S ALSO SHIFTING IN THE
THAT’S ALSO SHIFTING IN THE NEWS.
NEWS. NOW, QUOTE, I’M DONE TOLERATING
NOW, QUOTE, I’M DONE TOLERATING ALEX JONES AND ROGER STONE’S
ALEX JONES AND ROGER STONE’S LIES AND DEFAMATION.
LIES AND DEFAMATION. I NEVER HELD A GOVERNMENT JOB.
I NEVER HELD A GOVERNMENT JOB. I’M NOT FBI, CIA, OR MOSSAD.
I’M NOT FBI, CIA, OR MOSSAD. I NEVER RECEIVED HUSH MONEY FROM
I NEVER RECEIVED HUSH MONEY FROM INFOWARS.
INFOWARS. I’M NOT TESTIFYING FOR MUELLER,
I’M NOT TESTIFYING FOR MUELLER, WHICH IS TO SAY COOPERATING BUT
WHICH IS TO SAY COOPERATING BUT NOT GOING INTO COURT TO
NOT GOING INTO COURT TO IMPLICATE PEOPLE.
IMPLICATE PEOPLE. I WILL TAKE APPROPRIATE STEPS TO
I WILL TAKE APPROPRIATE STEPS TO PROTECT MY REPUTATION.
PROTECT MY REPUTATION. I WONDER WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT
I WONDER WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT THIS, BECAUSE THERE’S A LOT OF
THIS, BECAUSE THERE’S A LOT OF DIFFERENT THINGS THAT HAPPENED
DIFFERENT THINGS THAT HAPPENED IN HIGH-PROFEEL CASES, BUT THIS
IN HIGH-PROFEEL CASES, BUT THIS IS, I THINK, YET AND STILL
IS, I THINK, YET AND STILL UNUSUAL AND HOW MUELLER IS
UNUSUAL AND HOW MUELLER IS HANDLING CONTINUING TO GET
HANDLING CONTINUING TO GET TESTIMONY FROM THESE INDIVIDUALS
TESTIMONY FROM THESE INDIVIDUALS AS THEY FEUD IN PUBLIC AND
AS THEY FEUD IN PUBLIC AND CONTINUE TO CIRCLE ROGER, WHO
CONTINUE TO CIRCLE ROGER, WHO REPORTEDLY HAS NOT GONE IN YET.
REPORTEDLY HAS NOT GONE IN YET. >> YEAH, YOU KNOW, IT’S EASY TO
>> YEAH, YOU KNOW, IT’S EASY TO TALK TOUGH IN THE PUBLIC AND IN
TALK TOUGH IN THE PUBLIC AND IN THE PRESS.
THE PRESS. BUT WHEN YOU RECEIVE A GRAND
BUT WHEN YOU RECEIVE A GRAND JURY SUBPOENA AND THE
JURY SUBPOENA AND THE CONSEQUENCES OF FAILING TO
CONSEQUENCES OF FAILING TO COMPLY WITH THAT SUBPOENA ARE
COMPLY WITH THAT SUBPOENA ARE SITTING IN JAIL, SOMETIMES THE
SITTING IN JAIL, SOMETIMES THE PATH THAT YOU WANT TO FOLLOW
PATH THAT YOU WANT TO FOLLOW BECOMES VERY CLEAR.
BECOMES VERY CLEAR. I THINK WITH JEROME CORSI, HE’S
I THINK WITH JEROME CORSI, HE’S THE ONE WHO DISCLOSED HE
THE ONE WHO DISCLOSED HE RECEIVED A PLEA OFFER FROM
RECEIVED A PLEA OFFER FROM ROBERT MUELLER TO PLEAD GUILTY
ROBERT MUELLER TO PLEAD GUILTY TO FALSE STATEMENTS RELATING TO
TO FALSE STATEMENTS RELATING TO HIS CONVERSATIONS WITH ROGER
HIS CONVERSATIONS WITH ROGER STONE REGARDING WIKILEAKS.
STONE REGARDING WIKILEAKS. ROBERT MUELLER WOULD NOT HAVE
ROBERT MUELLER WOULD NOT HAVE MADE THAT PLEA OFFER UNLESS HE
MADE THAT PLEA OFFER UNLESS HE WAS PREPARE TODAY BACK IT UP
WAS PREPARE TODAY BACK IT UP WITH CRIMINAL CHARGES.
WITH CRIMINAL CHARGES. I THINK WHEN HE REFUSED THAT,
I THINK WHEN HE REFUSED THAT, THEY TOLD HIM THE NEXT STEP THEN
THEY TOLD HIM THE NEXT STEP THEN WILL BE INDICTMENT UNLESS YOU
WILL BE INDICTMENT UNLESS YOU WANT TO CHANGE YOUR MIND.
WANT TO CHANGE YOUR MIND. IT APPEARS NOW MAYBE HE HAS DONE
IT APPEARS NOW MAYBE HE HAS DONE SO AND CHANGED HIS MIND AND
SO AND CHANGED HIS MIND AND AGREED TO COOPERATE KNOWING THAT
AGREED TO COOPERATE KNOWING THAT CRIMINAL CHARGES MAY BE THE
CRIMINAL CHARGES MAY BE THE KWAUNS
KWAUNS CONSEQUENCE IF HE FAILS TO DO
CONSEQUENCE IF HE FAILS TO DO SO.
SO. >> WE’RE VERY CAREFUL ABOUT EVER
>> WE’RE VERY CAREFUL ABOUT EVER DISCUSSING ANYTHING AS A
DISCUSSING ANYTHING AS A POTENTIAL TARGET OF A PROBE.
POTENTIAL TARGET OF A PROBE. BUT WE HAVE THE WRITTEN
BUT WE HAVE THE WRITTEN DOCUMENTATION THAT BARBARA
DOCUMENTATION THAT BARBARA MENTIONED, THAT BOB MUELLER TOLD
MENTIONED, THAT BOB MUELLER TOLD JEROME CORSI, YOU’RE A TARGET.
JEROME CORSI, YOU’RE A TARGET. THIS IS WHAT YOUR INDICTMENT
THIS IS WHAT YOUR INDICTMENT WILL LOOK LIKE WRITTEN OUT.
WILL LOOK LIKE WRITTEN OUT. YOUR ANALYSIS OF WHERE THAT
YOUR ANALYSIS OF WHERE THAT HEADS AND WHAT THE PURPOSE OF
HEADS AND WHAT THE PURPOSE OF THAT IS AT THIS STAGE IN THE
THAT IS AT THIS STAGE IN THE PROBE.
PROBE. >> I ACTUALLY DON’T THINK THAT’S
>> I ACTUALLY DON’T THINK THAT’S SO UNCOMMON.
SO UNCOMMON. I THINK PROSECUTORS WILL OFTEN
I THINK PROSECUTORS WILL OFTEN HAVE A CONVERSATION WITH
HAVE A CONVERSATION WITH SOMEBODY THAT THEY’RE TRYING TO
SOMEBODY THAT THEY’RE TRYING TO POTENTIALLY SIGN UP AS A
POTENTIALLY SIGN UP AS A COOPERATING WITNESS WHERE THEY
COOPERATING WITNESS WHERE THEY WILL LAY OUT ALL THE CHARGES AND
WILL LAY OUT ALL THE CHARGES AND SAY THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT YOU’RE
SAY THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT YOU’RE FACING.
FACING. THEY DON’T DO IT AS A THREAT, AS
THEY DON’T DO IT AS A THREAT, AS A SCARE TACTIC.
A SCARE TACTIC. IT’S REALLY SO SOMEBODY HAS ALL
IT’S REALLY SO SOMEBODY HAS ALL OF THE INFORMATION.
OF THE INFORMATION. SO THAT THEY CAN ACTUALLY MAKE
SO THAT THEY CAN ACTUALLY MAKE AN INFORMED DECISION.
AN INFORMED DECISION. >> IN YOUR EXPERIENCE, HOW OFTEN
>> IN YOUR EXPERIENCE, HOW OFTEN DOES THAT RESULT IN INDICTMENT
DOES THAT RESULT IN INDICTMENT IF THE PEOPLE DON’T PLAY BALL?
IF THE PEOPLE DON’T PLAY BALL? >> ALMOST ALWAYS.
>> ALMOST ALWAYS. IT’S VERY UNLIKELY THAT A
IT’S VERY UNLIKELY THAT A PROSECUTOR WOULD GO THROUGH THE
PROSECUTOR WOULD GO THROUGH THE TROUBLE OF, YOU KNOW, DRAFTING
TROUBLE OF, YOU KNOW, DRAFTING UP A DRAFT INDICTMENT OR
UP A DRAFT INDICTMENT OR INFORMATION, WHATEVER THE PAPER
INFORMATION, WHATEVER THE PAPER ACTUALLY IS THAT THEY WERE
ACTUALLY IS THAT THEY WERE GIVING HIM, DISCUSS THE
GIVING HIM, DISCUSS THE POTENTIAL CHARGES, HAVE THAT
POTENTIAL CHARGES, HAVE THAT COOPERATION CONVERSATION, AND
COOPERATION CONVERSATION, AND THEN JUST LET IT GO.
THEN JUST LET IT GO. IT’S NOT REALLY HOW PROSECUTORS
IT’S NOT REALLY HOW PROSECUTORS AT LEAST THAT WORK AT THIS LEVEL
AT LEAST THAT WORK AT THIS LEVEL OPERATE.
OPERATE. >> YEAH, AND MATT MILLER, IN
>> YEAH, AND MATT MILLER, IN CLOSING, I WONDER, AS WE ALWAYS
CLOSING, I WONDER, AS WE ALWAYS TRY TO ASSESS WHAT WE HAVE
TRY TO ASSESS WHAT WE HAVE LEARNED AND WHAT WE COULD DO
LEARNED AND WHAT WE COULD DO BETTER, WITH THE SMOKE CLEARED A
BETTER, WITH THE SMOKE CLEARED A LITTLE BIT FROM ALL OF THE
LITTLE BIT FROM ALL OF THE FRIDAY BUZZFEED EXCITEMENT, WHAT
FRIDAY BUZZFEED EXCITEMENT, WHAT DO YOU THINK IS THE MOST
DO YOU THINK IS THE MOST IMPORTANT THING FOR PEOPLE WHO
IMPORTANT THING FOR PEOPLE WHO WANT TO DO THIS RESPONSIBLY IN
WANT TO DO THIS RESPONSIBLY IN THE PRESS OR THE CITIZENRY AND
THE PRESS OR THE CITIZENRY AND PLENTY OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS
PLENTY OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS WERE TWEETING BIG IF TRUE.
WERE TWEETING BIG IF TRUE. WHAT’S TO YOU THE BIG TAKEAWAY
WHAT’S TO YOU THE BIG TAKEAWAY THERE?
THERE? >> WELL, A FEW THINGS.
>> WELL, A FEW THINGS. FIRST OF ALL, IF YOU WANT TO
FIRST OF ALL, IF YOU WANT TO REALLY RELY ON SOMETHING, LOOK
REALLY RELY ON SOMETHING, LOOK FOR WHAT’S FILED IN COURT.
FOR WHAT’S FILED IN COURT. WHEN PEOPLE FILE DOCUMENTS IN
WHEN PEOPLE FILE DOCUMENTS IN COURT AND THE IT GOVERNMENT IS
COURT AND THE IT GOVERNMENT IS WILLING TO PUT THE FACT BEHIND
WILLING TO PUT THE FACT BEHIND IT, THEIR REPUTATIONS BEHIND
IT, THEIR REPUTATIONS BEHIND THEM.
THEM. THEN WHEN IT COMES TO REPORTING,
THEN WHEN IT COMES TO REPORTING, MY CLUE IS THE BEST STORIES WILL
MY CLUE IS THE BEST STORIES WILL NOT REMAIN WHAT WE LIKE TO CALL
NOT REMAIN WHAT WE LIKE TO CALL PERMANENT EXCLUSIVES.
PERMANENT EXCLUSIVES. IF YOU SEE A NEWS --
IF YOU SEE A NEWS -- >> PERMANENT EXCLUSIVE YOU’RE
>> PERMANENT EXCLUSIVE YOU’RE SAYING IS A WARNING SIGN.
SAYING IS A WARNING SIGN. >> YEAH, A STORY THAT’S NOT
>> YEAH, A STORY THAT’S NOT MATCHED BY ANY OTHER OUTLET.
MATCHED BY ANY OTHER OUTLET. WHEN YOU SEE A MAJOR STORY MOVE,
WHEN YOU SEE A MAJOR STORY MOVE, WAIT CITY SOMEONE ELSE CONFIRM
WAIT CITY SOMEONE ELSE CONFIRM IT.
IT. IF YOU DON’T, THAT’S WHEN YOU
IF YOU DON’T, THAT’S WHEN YOU MIGHT HAVE QUESTIONS.
MIGHT HAVE QUESTIONS. WE HAD OTHER BIG PERMANENT
WE HAD OTHER BIG PERMANENT EXCLUSIVES TO THIS DAY HAVEN’T